Now let's take a look at the solution for our search.
We're searching for this value,
and we'll start at the root.
So the current node is going to be the root,
and we'll also wrap the value inside a node object.
So we'll call this the search node,
and we'll use a loop to traverse the tree.
We'll do a comparison of the node and the new value,
if they're equal, then we found it, return true.
Otherwise, if the new value is less than the current node,
then if the node has a left child,
then we'll traverse left.
Then we'll continue on with traversing down the tree using the loop.
Otherwise, if there's no left child,
then we know that the node isn't there,
the value that we're looking for isn't there,
so it will return false.
Similarly, when the value is greater than the current node's value,
then we'll traverse right.
If there's a right child,
then we'll continue traversing right,
and then here this node goes back up to another while loop.
Otherwise, if it's none,
then we return false because we know that the node isn't there,
the value we're looking for isn't there.
So let's try this out, if we create a tree,
we insert a couple of things,
and then we search for eight,
and search for two.
Let's see what happens. So eight is not there in the tree,
we did not have an eight in the tree, so it's false.
Two is in the tree,
so we find it and we return true.